[New Exercise]: Resistor Color Expert (#3289)
exercism/python: exercises/practice/resistor-color-master/.docs/instructions.md

# Description

If you want to build something using a Raspberry Pi, you'll probably use _resistors_.

> For this exercise, you need to be able to use 1, 4, and 5 bands resistor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this exercise, you need to be able to use 1, 4, and 5 band resistors:
```

The tolerance band will have one of these values:

- Grey - 0.05%
- Violet - 0.1%
- Blue - 0.25%
- Green - 0.5%
- Brown - 1%
- Red - 2%
- Gold - 5%
- Silver - 10%

The fourth band resistor is built up like these:

| Band_1  | Band_2  | Band_3     | band_4    |
| ------- | ------- | ---------- | --------- |
| Value_1 | Value_2 | Multiplier | Tolerance |

Meaning

- orange-orange-brown-green would be 330 ohms with a 0.5% tolerance.
- orange-orange-red would-grey would be 3300 ohms with 0.005 tolerance.

The difference between the 4 and 5 band resistor is that there is an extra band for value a more precises value.

| Band_1  | Band_2  | Band_3  | Band_4     | band_5    |
| ------- | ------- | ------- | ---------- | --------- |
| Value_1 | Value_2 | Value_3 | Multiplier | Tolerance |

Meaning

- orange-orange-orange-black-green would be 330 ohms with a 0.5% tolerance.

There will also be a one band resistor.
This resistor will only have the color black and have the value 0.

This exercise is about translating the colors into a label:

> "... ohms ...%"

So an input of `"orange", "orange", "black, green"` should return:

> > "33 ohms 0.5%"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> "33 ohms ±0.5%"
```

> When we get more than a thousand ohms, we say "kiloohms".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there are more than a thousand ohms, we say "kiloohms".
```

That's similar to saying "kilometer" for 1000 meters, and "kilograms" for 1000 grams.

So an input of `"orange", "orange", "orange", grey` should return:

> > "33 kiloohms 0.05%"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> "33 kiloohms ±0.05%"
```

> When we get more than a million ohms, we say "megaohms".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there are more than a million ohms, we say "megaohms".
```

So an input of `"orange", "orange", "orange", "red"` should return:

> > "33 megaohms 2%"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> "33 megaohms ±2%"
```
